Add Deployments as Code Documentation (#1632)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/astro-deployment-inspect.md

Inspect an Astro Deployment. This command returns a YAML or JSON representation of a Deployment's current configuration and state as shown in the Cloud UI. When the `--key` flag is used, it returns only the values specified with the flag.

> :::note

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::: info
```

right?

> For more information about Deployment files, see [Manage Deployments as Code](manage-deployments-as-code.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about how to use Deployment files, see [Manage Deployments as Code](manage-deployments-as-code.md).
```

> :::note
> For more information about how to use Deployment files, see [Manage Deployments as Code](manage-deployments-as-code.md).
> :::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information about how to use Deployment files, see [Manage Deployments as Code](manage-deployments-as-code.md).
```

> astro deployment inspect <deployment-name> --key configuration.cluster_id

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
astro deployment inspect -n <deployment-name> --key metadata.cluster_id
```

```

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Alternatively `cluster_name` can be looked up by running `astro deployment inspect -n <deployment-name> --key configuration.cluster_name`

```

| `--workspace-id`          | Specify a Workspace to run this command for a Deployment that is outside of your current Workspace.                                               | Any valid Workspace ID   |
| `-k`, `--key`             | Return only a specific configuration key for a Deployment. For example `--key configuration.cluster_id` to get a Deployment's cluster ID.       | Any valid Deployment configuration key   |
| `-o`, `--output`          | Output format can be one of: YAML or JSON. By default, inspecting a Deployment returns  a file in YAML format. | `yaml` or `json`             |

> | `-t`, `--template`          | Create a template file for the inspected Deployment. A template file is YAML configuration file that includes all information about a Deployment except for its name, description field, and unique metadata. | None            |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `-t`, `--template`          | Create a template file for the inspected Deployment. A template file is a YAML configuration file that includes all information about a Deployment except for its name, description field, and unique metadata. | None            |
```

# Shows a specific Deployment's health status
$ astro deployment inspect <deployment-id> --key information.status

# Save the current state of a Deployment to a Deployment file

> $ astro deployment inspect <deployment-id> > deployment.yaml

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
$ astro deployment inspect <deployment-id> > deployment.yaml

# Save a Deployment as a JSON template file
$ astro deployment inspect <deployment-id> --template -o json > deployment.json
```

| `--workspace-id`          | Specify a Workspace to run this command for a Deployment that is outside of your current Workspace.                                               | Any valid Workspace ID   |
| `-k`, `--key`             | Return only a specific configuration key for a Deployment. For example `--key configuration.cluster_id` to get a Deployment's cluster ID.       | Any valid Deployment configuration key   |
| `-o`, `--output`          | Output format can be one of: YAML or JSON. By default, inspecting a Deployment returns  a file in YAML format. | `yaml` or `json`             |

> | `-t`, `--template`          | Create a template file for the inspected Deployment. A template file is YAML configuration file that includes all information about a Deployment except for its name, description field, and metadata. | None            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `-t`, `--template`          | Create a template file for the inspected Deployment. A template file is a YAML configuration file that includes all information about a Deployment. The file for an inspected Deployment does not include its name, description field, and metadata. | None            |
```

Reviewer 2: "The file for an inspected Deployment does not include its name" This isn't quite right, some files for Deployments _do_ contain this information, it's only template files that don't

> | `-t`, `--template`          | Create a template file for the inspected Deployment. A template file is YAML configuration file that includes all information about a Deployment except for its name, description field, and metadata. | None            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `-t`, `--template`          | Create a template file for the inspected Deployment. A template file is YAML configuration file that includes all information about a Deployment except for its name, description field, and unique metadata. | None            |
```

# Shows a specific Deployment's health status
$ astro deployment inspect <deployment-id> --key information.status

# store a Deployment's configuration in a deployment file
$ astro deployment inspect <deployment-id> > deployment.yaml
```

> :::note

Reviewer 2: This link should be at the top of the document.

> For more inforamtion on Deploymen files read [Manage Deployments as Code](manage-deployments-as-code.md)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
For more information about Deployment files, see [Manage Deployments as Code](manage-deployments-as-code.md).
```

# Shows a specific Deployment's health status
$ astro deployment inspect <deployment-id> --key information.status

> # Store a Deployment's configuration in a deployment file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Save the current state of a Deployment's configuration to a Deployment file
```
